32-bit Linux running on 64-bit ARM arch should have platform "linux_armv7l" (#234)
pypa/packaging: CHANGELOG.rst

*unreleased*
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Fixa bug that on a 32-bit OS that runs on a 64-bit ARM CPU (ARM-v8,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug that on caused a 32-bit OS that runs on a 64-bit ARM CPU (e.g. ARM-v8,
```

>   aarch64), _linux_platforms returns the incorrect string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  aarch64), to report the wrong bitness.
```
